Feature/update pxb (#23)
pxblue/react-native-cli-templates: authentication-typescript/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v1.2.0 (July 22, 2021)

### Changed

> - Updated version of react-native-modal v12.0.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated version of react-native-modal dependency to 12.0.2
```
